---
date: 2024-04-22
title: Welcome to the Rackspace Cloud Blog
authors:
  - cloudnull
description: >
  Welcome to the new Rackspace Cloud
categories:
  - General
---

# Welcome to the New Rackspace Cloud Blog!

Hello and welcome to the newly launched Rackspace Cloud blog! As a space dedicated to the latest innovations and insights in cloud technology, this blog is your go-to source for all things cloud computing at Rackspace. Whether you’re a seasoned cloud professional or just starting your journey into the cloud, we’re here to guide, inform, and inspire you with cutting-edge content.

<!-- more -->

## Introducing GeneStack: Our Open-Source OpenStack Implementation

We are thrilled to (re)introduce ourselves. With the release of GeneStack we're enhancing the flexibility and scalability of cloud infrastructures, and we're delighted to begin sharing our adventure and our learnings.

### Pushing the Boundaries of OpenStack Clouds

Rackspace is committed to pushing the boundaries of what's possible with OpenStack. With the release of GeneStack, we are setting new standards for open-source cloud solutions, offering unprecedented flexibility and control over both public and private cloud environments. Our goal is to empower businesses to innovate and grow without being hindered by the complexities or complicated solutions. By continuously enhancing our offerings and integrating cutting-edge technologies, we're ensuring our customers have access to the best tools and resources available.

## Join Us on This Exciting Journey

We invite you to join us on this exciting journey into the future of cloud computing. The Rackspace Cloud blog will be your window into how we are continuously evolving our technologies and services to better meet your needs. Stay tuned for updates, tutorials, thought leadership, and much more.

Welcome aboard; we're about to explore the limitless possibilities of the cloud together!
